slicer 0.1
update Data took: 20ms
update fastData took: 11ms
update Zylinder took: 47ms
update Data took: 18ms
update fastData took: 22ms
update Data took: 18ms
update fastData took: 21ms
update Data took: 27ms
update fastData took: 69ms
update Data took: 43ms
update fastData took: 19ms
update Data took: 60ms
update fastData took: 31ms
update Data took: 78ms
update fastData took: 42ms
update Data took: 73ms
update fastData took: 43ms
update Data took: 15ms
update fastData took: 7ms
update Data took: 14ms
update fastData took: 6ms
update Data took: 17ms
update fastData took: 7ms
update Data took: 16ms
update fastData took: 7ms
update Data took: 20ms
update fastData took: 8ms
update Data took: 29ms
update fastData took: 11ms
update Data took: 55ms
update fastData took: 21ms
update Data took: 67ms
update fastData took: 46ms
update Data took: 76ms
update fastData took: 43ms
update Data took: 75ms
update fastData took: 24ms
update Data took: 38ms
update fastData took: 19ms
update Data took: 34ms
update fastData took: 17ms
update Data took: 29ms
update fastData took: 12ms
update Data took: 27ms
update fastData took: 11ms
update Data took: 21ms
update fastData took: 8ms
update Data took: 17ms
update fastData took: 6ms
update Data took: 16ms
update fastData took: 7ms
update Data took: 16ms
update fastData took: 7ms
update Data took: 13ms
update fastData took: 5ms
update Data took: 12ms
update fastData took: 5ms
update Data took: 10ms
update fastData took: 4ms
update Data took: 10ms
update fastData took: 3ms
update Data took: 7ms
update fastData took: 3ms
update Data took: 5ms
update fastData took: 1ms
update Data took: 15ms
update fastData took: 3ms
update Data took: 3ms
update fastData took: 1ms
update Data took: 2ms
update fastData took: 0ms
update Data took: 1ms
update fastData took: 0ms
update Data took: 1ms
update fastData took: 0ms
update Data took: 0ms
update fastData took: 0ms
update Data took: 0ms
update fastData took: 0ms
update Data took: 0ms
update fastData took: 0ms
update Data took: 0ms
update fastData took: 0ms
update Data took: 1ms
update fastData took: 0ms
update Data took: 2ms
update fastData took: 0ms
update Data took: 5ms
update fastData took: 1ms
update Data took: 7ms
update fastData took: 2ms
update Data took: 18ms
update fastData took: 6ms
update Data took: 24ms
update fastData took: 10ms
update Data took: 35ms
update fastData took: 16ms
update Data took: 36ms
update fastData took: 19ms
update Data took: 41ms
update fastData took: 20ms
update Data took: 40ms
update fastData took: 11ms
update Data took: 16ms
update fastData took: 5ms
update Data took: 12ms
update fastData took: 6ms
update Data took: 11ms
update fastData took: 4ms
update Data took: 4ms
update fastData took: 1ms
update Data took: 1ms
update fastData took: 0ms
update Data took: 3ms
update fastData took: 0ms
update Data took: 1ms
update fastData took: 0ms
update Data took: 1ms
update fastData took: 0ms
update Data took: 3ms
update fastData took: 0ms
update Data took: 2ms
update fastData took: 1ms
update Data took: 5ms
update fastData took: 2ms
update Data took: 6ms
update fastData took: 2ms
update Data took: 15ms
update fastData took: 6ms
update Data took: 20ms
update fastData took: 9ms
update Data took: 41ms
update fastData took: 19ms
update Data took: 54ms
update fastData took: 25ms
update Data took: 224ms
update fastData took: 140ms
update Data took: 200ms
update fastData took: 133ms
update Data took: 74ms
update fastData took: 42ms
update Data took: 56ms
update fastData took: 26ms
update Data took: 41ms
update fastData took: 19ms
update Data took: 32ms
update fastData took: 12ms
update Data took: 28ms
update fastData took: 11ms
update Data took: 26ms
update fastData took: 8ms
update Data took: 21ms
update fastData took: 7ms
update Data took: 7ms
update fastData took: 3ms
update Data took: 6ms
update fastData took: 2ms
update Data took: 14ms
update fastData took: 4ms
update Data took: 5ms
update fastData took: 1ms
update Data took: 11ms
update fastData took: 2ms
update Data took: 11ms
update fastData took: 2ms
update Data took: 3ms
update fastData took: 1ms
update Data took: 2ms
update fastData took: 0ms
update Data took: 8ms
update fastData took: 1ms
update Data took: 7ms
update fastData took: 1ms
update Data took: 7ms
update fastData took: 1ms
update Data took: 7ms
update fastData took: 1ms
update Data took: 1ms
update fastData took: 0ms
update Data took: 5ms
update fastData took: 1ms
update Data took: 1ms
update fastData took: 0ms
update Data took: 2ms
update fastData took: 0ms
update Data took: 29ms
update fastData took: 6ms
update Data took: 15ms
update fastData took: 7ms
update Data took: 29ms
update fastData took: 8ms
update Data took: 26ms
update fastData took: 9ms
update Zylinder took: 760ms
